hello and welcome to sake Tech so in
today's video I'm going to show you how
to convert your USB flash drive from the
fat32 file system to a NTFS file system
now if you ever tried copying a file
larger than four gigabytes to a USB
flash drive in the fat32 format such as
a movie file you know that you get an
error message and that it's not possible
so if you want to transfer files larger
than four gigabytes to a USB flash drive
you must convert the file system to NTFS
now just a warning though once you
convert your USB flash drive to NTFS it
will end up being read-only on a Mac
computer which means you won't be able
to copy files from your Mac to the USB
flash drive but you can still copy files
from the USB flash drive to the Mac now
with a Windows PC of course you will be
able to read and write no problem now
there are two ways to accomplish this
task of conversion there is a quick and
easy way of simply using the Windows
interface and there is the fancier way
of using the command prompt in this
video we will use the easy way so let's
start the process
I already connected my USB flash drive
to my computer so let's go to start my
computer and here's my remote removable
flash drive if you right-click on it and
click properties you will see that the
file system is fat32
so how do we convert this to an TFS very
easy just right-click on this drive and
choose format
and then it the filesystem just pick
NTFS you do not have to play with any
other options if you want this to be
done quickly make sure you click quick
format and click start and then this is
very important warning formatting will
erase all data on this disk so you know
that you're going to lose everything on
your drive while the conversion process
is taking place so if you have anything
else on your USB flash drive make sure
you back it up so click ok to this ok
format complete click OK and close this
box now let's go take a look at the
properties properties
file system is now NTFS so you can start
copying files larger than four gigabytes
over to this USB flash drive